Medical Application Form
Insured Name:
THARUKA NIRMANI HETTIARACHCHI
Required Plan :
BASIC
Current Address
TEST
دبي للتامين
DUBAI INSURANCE
CARE & COMMITMENT SINCE 1970
Application Date: 20-Apr-2026
Application/Policy No: QA202604200004
Full Name
First Middle Last
Relation
E/S/C
Marital
Status
D.O.B
DD/MM/YY
Nationali
ty
Gender Height Weight UAE
M/F
CM
KG
Already
Resident Insured
THARUKA NIRMANI
1996-10-2
S
1
SRI LANKA
F
YES
NO
HETTIARACHCHI
4
Previous
Insurer
ΤΡΑ
Is there a member in your family that is not proposed for Insurance? NO
If Yes, Kindly share reason for each member
SI
EXPIRY DATE
4/20/2026 12:00:00AM
* Active at work Since:
20-Apr-2026
* Insurance History (in case answer is "Yes," specify reason/ details)
1. Have you ever been accepted for life and/or health insurance on sub-standard terms? NO
2. Have you ever been declined for life and/or health insurance? NO
* Do you participate or intend to participate in any amateur/professional/hazardous sport activities?
If Yes,
NO
Have you ever been diagnosed or received any treatment (including hospital or surgery) or felt any
disorder or pain or had any symptoms indicating (Please tick relevant box)
1. Infectious and parasitic diseases
2. Cancer, Neoplasms, Tumors? (specify below the type, location, treatment, whether malignant or
benign)
3. Diseases of the endocrine system, nutritional-, metab Endocrine, Nutritional, Metabolic and/or
Immunity System? (i.e. diabetes, thyroid or pituitary gland problems, adrenal gland, ovary or testes
problems, hormone problems, gout, multiple sclerosis, cystic fibrosis, metabolic disorders, immune
problems, etc.) Colic diseases and immunity disorders, diabetes)
4. Blood & Blood Forming Organ Systems? (i.e. anemia, thalassemia, bleeding disorders, blood cell
disease, spleen problems, lymph node problems, etc.)
5. Mental-/psychiatric disorders
YES
NO
6. Nervous System or Sense Organs? (i.e. ear injury/infection, vertigo, hearing problems, eye
injury/disease, retina problems, glaucoma, vision problems, muscular dystrophy, brain/nerve
degeneration, meningitis, paralysis, seizures, epilepsy, neuralgia, etc.)
7.Cardiovascular System? (i.e. stroke, cerebral ischemia, rheumatic fever, atherosclerosis,
aneurysm, embolism, peripheral vascular disease, hypertension, heart valve disease, irregular
heartbeat, pulmonary embolism, phlebitis, varicosities, etc.)
8. Respiratory System? (i.e. Sinusitis, allergies, tonsillitis/laryngitis, bronchitis, emphysema,
pneumonia, etc.)
9. Cirrhosis/ Hepatitis / Wilsons disease / Pancreatitis/ Liver disease / Cohn's disease / Ulcerative
Colitis /Piles or any other disease of Mouth, Esophagus, Liver, Gall bladder, Stomach or Intestines
or any other part of Digestive System?
10. Genitourinary System? (i.e. Kidney/bladder infections, renal failure, kidney stones,
endometriosis, menstrual cycle problems, salpingitis, ovarian cysts, prostate problems, impotence,
testicle infections, sperm abnormalities, fertility problems, Breast disorder etc.)
11. Do you have earlier history of Caesarean Section, Premature Delivery or Premature babies? Or
any other complications related to maternity, till date?
12. Musculoskeletal and/or Connective Tissue System? (I.e. fractures, joint or cartilage problems,
back problems, bone infections, osteoporosis, arthritis, rheumatism, etc.)
13. Congenital anomalies, hereditary/genetic diseases
14. Certain conditions originating in the perinatal period
15. Injury and poisoning
16. Previous medical/surgical hospitalizations, procedures and operations
17. Any (chronic) disease(s), symptoms and complaints not mentioned above
18. Any Pre-existing disease(s), symptoms and complaints I within the last ten years
19. Have you ever undergone surgery to remove a body organ or structure or being hospitalized in
the past? (Specify body organ/Structure, date & place of surgery?) If Yes, have there been any
complications to date?
20. Are you presently in good health, entirely free from any physical/mental impairment and
deformity? If no please provide the details
21. Has there been any Loss/Gain of wait in last 12 months? Yes No (If yes please provide details)
22. Smoke, consume alcohol, or chew tobacco or use any recreational drugs? If Yes please then
provide the frequency and amount consumed
23. Have you ever suffered from dental problems? YES/NO
(a) If, yes, specify same. TRTRTER
(b) When were you treated last for same? 4/20/2026 12:00:00AM
Please Note:
1. In case the answer is YES to any of the conditions/diseases above, please specify full details
(preferably by a Medical Physician) on the additional questionnaire (Personal Information),
which will be found attached to this application form.
FDFSD
2. In case medication is required on a regular basis please specify the full details such as
genuine name, brand name and daily/weekly quantity on the additional questionnaire (Personal
Information), which will be found attached to this application form.
SFDFSF
For Married Females:
Are you currently pregnant?
If yes, have there been any complications to date? -
Last Menstrual period date: 20-Apr-2026
Are you currently trying to get pregnant?
YES
NO
☑
I understand
and
acknowledge any pregnancy not declared at the time of this application's
coverage will be at the sole discretion of the insurer. The insurer has the right to not cover any
maternity claims to any undeclared pregnancy. I also acknowledge and understand any pregnancy,
which arises within forty calendar days from the date of this application, shall not be covered under
this policy under any condition.
I agree that no indemnity will be paid under the proposed insurance policy for medical expenses
arising from disorders which were declared prior to completion of this Application and which were
not disclosed to the insurer at the date of this application. Failure to disclose material information
to the insurer will invalidate the proposed insurance policy.
I hereby declare and agree, with respect to both, myself and to my Dependents, that I am aware of
the general terms of this insurance and I accept them. With the above, I authorize my doctor,
previous Insurer, Previous TPA, health institution or other organization or person that has any
information about my health and/or activities (and those of my Dependents) to provide the
Insurer with the said information. This shall include hospital and any other records pertaining to
medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or disturbances.
photocopy of this authorization has the
A
same validity as the original.
true and
as well as all declarations on the
complete. This information shall be
I the undersigned declare that all of the above information
additional
questionnaire (personal information) are
20-Apr-2026
Date
(Electronically verified by OTP)
Signature
Note: To be treated as confidential once completed
Medical Conditions
Member Name
Question
No:
Type of
Disoder
Date of
Onset
Details of
Treatment
Present Status of Health
THARUKA NIRMANI
HETTIARACHCHI
20-Apr-20
26
Did you ever have any bone fractures or injuries to bones or tendons? Has any material used for
osteosynthesis etc. been removed? NO
Any dimness of vision or cataract etc NO
Have you been tested or treated for Hepatitis A or C? NO
In case medication is required on a regular basis please specify the genuine name, the brand name
as well as the daily/weekly quantity below.
In case you are suffering from hypertension please specify your Systolic and Diastolic readings
below. Systolic: Diastolic:
In case of diabetes please specify whether insulin dependent,
please specify the generic name / brand name as well as the daily / weekly quantity below
MEDICAL PRACTITIONER(S) MOST FREQUESNTLY VISITED IN THE LAST 2 YEARS:
• Name:
• Address:
• Telephone No.:
CANCER
Are you suffering or ever suffered with any type of Cancer? YES
If Yes, kindly share the current status : FWEWE
a. Cured/ no symptoms
YES
b. Ongoing symptoms
NO
c. Ongoing hospitalization/ Treatment
NO
NO
d. Pending hospitalization/ Treatment
Kindly provide full details of past, current or advised pending treatment:
a. Diagnosis
b. Surgery
c. Chemotherapy cycles
d. Radiotherapy cycles
e. Radiation cycles
f. All other medication
Do you have any FAMILY HISTORY of Cancer? NO
If Yes, provide details
20-April-2026
Date
This medical
application form is
4/20/2026 5:08:01 PM, Location:
OS:
(Electronically verified by OTP)
Signature
Note: To be treated as confidential once completed
digitally signed by THARUKA NIRMANI HETTIARACHCHI, IP:
Device: and verified via an OTP on 4
Date:
